the helghast alarms 18 pistol the
standard issue sidearm of the Helgen
forces equipped with a small iron sight
which offers increased accuracy for
medium range shots the stuy 18 is able
to quickly fire all 12 rounds in its
magazine with a reload time of just
under two seconds rapid fire from the
hip at medium range will quickly
deteriorate accuracy it is advisable to
use the sights for medium range shots
which are not greatly affected by
whether you use fast or controlled burst
fire
while difficult it is possible to kill
an enemy at long range however the lack
of power in combination with the poor
sight mechanism should deter most
players from attempting long-range kills
using the star 18
you
despite being a backup weapon the sky
team is reliable during fast-paced close
quarter engagement always aim for the
upper torso to increase your chances of
acquiring a headshot
the sky 18 is capable of making
medium-range kills experienced players
will become more proficient when firing
from the hip as they are assisted by the
hit detection on the aiming reticule by
using the iron sights you may be able to
kill an enemy long range but this
activity should generally be avoided